README.md, before:

# Green Team: Final Report

Magda Videva - mmv33@pitt.edu
https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/87f6e1d4-1d5b-4b1e-922c-cff0d37e93ac/resource/df5a8f8a-fcd7-4dda-85f7-37580dbfdee4/download/ciaa-exemptions-uncoordinated.csv

Daisy Chen - dac229@pitt.edu </br>
https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/ed4cf849-d323-4d01-8a13-675d283f1ac9/resource/ee834d8d-ae71-4b3b-b02b-312ba321ff17/download/illegaldumpsites.csv </br>
This dataset includes information from 2005 about the estimated tons of trash at a specific dump site, the site name, which neighborhood in Pittsburgh the site is located in, and whether or not the site has been cleaned. Some locations also include a brief description of the dumpsite. The information for this dataset was provided by Allegheny Cleanways.

Nikhita Vysyaraju - NIV32@pitt.edu
https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-air-quality/resource/4ab1e23f-3262-4bd3-adbf-f72f0119108b
The Daily Air Quality Index for Allegheny County data set focused on the amount of SO2 levels in 13 boroughs by using the Air Quality Index (AQI). The dataset started documenting the AQI per day in 2016 to the present.

Commit message:

Added description for Clean Indoor Air Act data set

README.md, after:

# Green Team: Final Report

Magda Videva - mmv33@pitt.edu
https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/87f6e1d4-1d5b-4b1e-922c-cff0d37e93ac/resource/df5a8f8a-fcd7-4dda-85f7-37580dbfdee4/download/ciaa-exemptions-uncoordinated.csv
The Allegheny County Clean Indoor Air Act Exemptions data set lists all the establishments which have received an exemption from the Pennsylvania Clean Indoor Air Act. Documentation on each establishment includes type, neighborhood, and coordinates. The data set began documentaion in 2015 and continues today.

Daisy Chen - dac229@pitt.edu </br>
https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/ed4cf849-d323-4d01-8a13-675d283f1ac9/resource/ee834d8d-ae71-4b3b-b02b-312ba321ff17/download/illegaldumpsites.csv </br>
This dataset includes information from 2005 about the estimated tons of trash at a specific dump site, the site name, which neighborhood in Pittsburgh the site is located in, and whether or not the site has been cleaned. Some locations also include a brief description of the dumpsite. The information for this dataset was provided by Allegheny Cleanways.

Nikhita Vysyaraju - NIV32@pitt.edu
https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-air-quality/resource/4ab1e23f-3262-4bd3-adbf-f72f0119108b
The Daily Air Quality Index for Allegheny County data set focused on the amount of SO2 levels in 13 boroughs by using the Air Quality Index (AQI). The dataset started documenting the AQI per day in 2016 to the present.
